This is a short description of the bbs configuration files. Each file
contains a detailed explanation of it's contents as well as examples.
I would suggest you review them in the order presented here. They will
all have to be modified for your specific installation.

Please direct any comments back to me as soon as possible. The most
powerful, yet maybe confusing file is the Translate file. Please
contact myself, n6qmy, kb6mer or kf0uw for realtime experiance
working with this file. You will grow to love it... maybe :)

Most of the files share a common format. This format is explained in
the Translate file.

Config
   This is the master configuration file for the bbs system. It contains
   configuration variables used by all daemons, servers and bbs processes.
   It is read by the b_bbsd daemon. All of the other programs get to the
   data by asking b_bbsd questions.

Translate
   When a message is received it is compared against the rules in this
   file. The result can be readdressing the message, forwarding it via
   email, placing a message on hold, killing it, etc. This is a very
   powerful file that allows the sysop to do almost anything with a 
   message.

Systems
   This file defines all of the bbss you to which you forward, how
   to connect to them and configuration information.

Route
   This file is a rule based file just like Translate that defines
   where messages are to be forwarded.

Group
   This file defines what groups to which a message belongs. Refer to
   the users manual or architecture manual for a discussion on the
   GROUP command. In the architecture manual it is in the msgd section.

NoSubject
   This bbs will abort message entry if the user doesn't supply a
   subject. There are messages that are not supposed to have subjects.
   This file contains a list of rules that if matched will allow the
   message to be sent without a subject.

Personal
   The bbs warns users when they send a personal message to something
   other than a callsign, ie. SP SYSOP. Again there are a number of
   valid reasons for doing this. This file contains a list of rules that
   if matched will allow the message to be sent as a personal without
   picking on the user.

Reject
   If an incoming message matches any of the rules in this file it will
   be rejected at the OK/NO exchange.

HlocScript
   When a user trys to send a message to a user at a bbs that we have
   no knowledge of this script is run to lead the user through a 
   series of questions that will result in us being able to tack on
   a valid HLOC to get it at least to the state.

MOTD
   This is the Message of the Day file. It prints out on each
   users screen the next time they login. When a bbs process starts-up
   it checks the modification date on the MOTD file. If it is newer than
   the last time the user logged in it is displayed.


